"I've lived in Footscray since 2009 and can honestly say, hand on heart, it's an excellent place. "
"Leafy streets, with an enchanting mixture of old and new housing are complimented by plenty of green spaces, and quiet retreats from the hustle and bustle of the central business district. "
"With mouth watering offerings from Ethopia, Vietnam, Thailand, Korea, The PRC, Hong Kong, India, to name but a few, I think I can successfully argue that Footscray has some of the best food in Melbourne on offer, at a fraction of city prices, so eating out becomes a healthy norm. "
"If you feel like working yourself in to a lather over what to purchase. then head to the HighPoint shopping centre, and if you feel like working up a sweat, Footscray has several excellently appointed gyms. Too much shopping put you out, over did it at the gym, then you'll be pleased to know Western Hospital is just around the corner and is ringed with top class medical professionals. "
"All in all, the existing lay out works well, but local and Federal government are pumping millions of dollars in to Footscray (which has been earmarked for rapid expansion), meaning things are only going to get better. "
"Mark my words, ten years from now, you won't be able to touch a house for less than 850,000"
"The trashiest suburb I have ever seen. Absolute filth"
"Buy property in Footscray ASAP, within 10 years median house values will double. Nowhere else in Australia is there such a harmony of potential meeting investment confidence. Metro Tunnel Line, Westgate tunnel, Airport Link, New Footscray Hospital, 4 new schools and over 1 billion of private development in the pipeline.... All to be completed before 2025."
Now is the time to get in on the ground floor of one of the most rapidly gentrifying suburbs in Australia. Wonderful place to live and getting better every day.
People walking the streets looking for fights all day. Am I'm just talking about the shop workers. Avoid.
"Avoid like the plague unless you're a drug dealer or a drug user. This hole is not an area that you want to visit. It's scary how close this area is to the city, yet feels like a third world country. Grotesque is a good word for footscray. "
"Footscray is very close to the CBD, but it is full of loud trucks (accessing the port) and has quite a few dodgey people wandering around. The town centre looks like it is in a different part of the world"
"Footscray has had so much potential, but unfortunately it still feels like a London Ghetto."
"I unfortunately did NOT research my areas properly before relocating to live in an art deco style apartment above a shop on Nicholson Street.... WELL EFF ME I am living THE NIGHTMARE OF ALL NIGHTMARES Single mothers sat in the gutter 12 hours of their day with their babies in prams mother freezing cold or boiling hot with no attention paid bar the few junkies pinching their cheeks as they sit talking to the doped out, very loud and rude mother on the nod in the gutter. Or what about the 24 HOURS NON-STOP of swearing and screaming and fighting and violence Are you people INSANE to actually LIE this much about such a HORRID HORRID little suburb Just to up your own home values? That is cruel And its sites like this that I looked to for my own determination of areas before moving here from Sydney (and I came from damn Liverpool no less So I am not some 'uppity' yuppie This is ridiculous The ethiopean business downstairs have created such havoc in my life and threatening to do freaking VOODOO etc on me and my family that we are literally forfeiting our bond and likely my rental history and RUNNING AS FAST AS WE CAN TO THE FURTHERST PLACE FROM HERE And NO It's not just Nicholson street being a bad pocket I was punched in the mouth by a massive islander girl IN MYERS as I was trying to take my daughter to the Benefit brow bar - we were followed in there by them when we dared to try walking past them AND THE POLICE FAILED TO EVEN FOLLOW UP THE COPS IN FOOTSCRAY FAIL TO DO ANYTHING OH Then there was the asian man who pushed in front at Coles Footscray on a monday morning only to be told by everyone to get to the back so he turned around and punched ME I HAVE NEVER BEEN HIT ONCE IN MY LIFE AND IN 3 MONTHS I HAVE BEEN HIT TWICE IN FOOTSCRAY Come on Footscray LETS TELL THE TRUTH The place is over run by african bloody gangs (yeh nice thanks for the good life we are offering them), it is dominated by asian drug dealers and the absolute bottom of the barrel aussies- total junnkies- both raving ice addicts AND a sprinkling of on the nod heroin addicts To be honest- i PREFER the heroin addicts because at least they dont try and eat your face off ARGGGG EVEN AS I TYPE THIS A MAN IS VOMITING LOUDLY UNDER MY BALCONY AT 12AM ON A FREAKING WEDNESDAY NIGHT Whilst another lovely young lady is screaming about losing her kids to DOCS and being raped by her step father  I am so sick to death of reading these footscray is delightful reviews I have lost EVERYTHING - MOST IMPORTANTLY MY SANITY- since moving here IT IS HELL AVOID IT LIKE THE PLAGUE"
"I was initially hesitant moving from East St Kilda to Footscray but have been so pleasantly surprised. Since we didn't really know much about the area before moving in and what we did hear was often negative we really felt like we had come across a 'hidden gem' The area has fantastic community spirit, brilliant dining options, great shopping with multi-cultural Barkley street and Highpoint just down the road and good public transport. The location is 10-20 mins drive from the CBD, beaches and Williamstown. The area is definitely getting better and better with great new cafés and shops opening all the time. There's also a great creative community with many artists in the area. There's plenty of colourful characters around, living in the area for 5 yrs I haven't felt unsafe and certainly haven't seen anything worse than I see in other inner city suburbs all the time like East St Kilda or Prahran. The arcade area is the only problem I think and needs a clean up by council and police. I think if local council and governments support for the area and it's residence improved it would be even better. Its reputation continues to dog the area (I think mostly this is due to people who are totally unfamiliar with the area commenting or people remembering the area from 20 years ago) however it's no longer justified. To sum up, Footscray is a fantastic suburb Footscrays location, affordability and all it has to offer will ensure it wont be a secret for long"
"One of the old school inner working class suburbs of Melbourne. It's rough and rugged and dangerous reputation still persists, in spite of all the other inner working class suburbs having undergone massive gentrification years ago. This is gradually changing though and it won't be long before it's unsavoury reputation exists only in the minds of people who don't actually live there. "
"The houses are generally on smallish blocks, there is a massive stock of period weatherboard houses, many of them in unrenovated condition. There are also a lot of 60's 70's brick veneer houses left over from the wave of Italian Greek migrants who settled here. Most recently there have been a large number of high rise apartment complexes being erected, these are favoured by students of mainly asian origin because they are conveniently located close to the local university. "
"The suburb probably has the most diverse multicultural population and this is reflected in the style of restaurants found here. You can find almost any type of food here: Indian, Chinese, Vietnamese, Italian, Ethiopian. The area is largely dominated by Vietnamese restaurants but recently there has been a large push towards African restaurants. "
"The transport options run the gamut from Trains, Trams and Buses, also there are many bike paths linking to other suburbs or the city. All types of services are catered for in Footscray, i.e. Hospitals, Library, Medical Facilities, Shopping, Hardware, Parks, Trades and pretty much anything else you can think of. "
"The nightlife is limited in options, but there are still a lot of pubs and many of them have live music or DJs. There are also a lot of parks and recreation areas, there is also river frontage which is a massive bonus. "
"Being an inner city suburb means there can be a lot of Traffic during peak periods, and in particular there are a large number of heavy trucks which transit the area. Although recently there have been moves to reduce the amount of trucks on the streets. "
"The area is generally pretty safe despite what some people say about it, there are some colourful characters around but they are mostly harmless. In terms of value for money you can't go past Footscray as it is one of, if not the most affordable suburb in relation to it's proximity to the CBD. "
"Overall Footscray is a fantastic place to live, do not write it off because of it's reputation, come here and see it for yourself."
"As a 4th Generation Footscaryite in my 50's, the town holds a special place in my heart,barring 10 years of my life (which was spent in Elwood) it has been my home.The city that was home to so many Tannery's, meat works,Ammunition and heavy industry,is now home to cafes and artist colonies. "
"Through waves of immigrants(Italians,Greeks,Yugoslavs,Vietnamese and Africans) Footscray has endured with a strong community spirit, it has never been a try-hard suburb, its blue collar roots kept it in check and grounded. "
"The fear factor has always amused me,it is an extremely safe place,be street smart and sensible like you would anywhere, used to see women walking home alone in the dark tree lined streets of Elwood,and fear for them a lot more than i did for my own family in Footscray. "
"Love the choice of Restaurants,particularly the Vietnamese eateries,and the fabulously quirky cafes that have sprung up.Footscray itself has smaller houses ( a lot of Edwardian) on small 250 mtr blocks,Whilst West Footscray on the other side of Summerhill rd, has much larger blocks(mostly California Bungalows) on large blocks which are ideal for families. "
"Footscray station is only 2 stations from Spencer st,and to drive there via Dynon or Footscray rd is a breeze when compared to the same trip in from the East or North."
A good area not too far from the city suitable for young families. There are already a few younger families around. There are good sized blocks on some great streets. 
"Parks, playgrounds and schools nearby makes for a good family spot. "
It’s not too far out of the city and well serviced by public transport making it easy to get into the city for those that work in the CBD. 
There is a pool nearby to teach the kids to swim and there is a childcare centre as well which is perfect for young families. 
"There are some good cafes and restaurants close by so you can get out for brunch, lunch or dinner without having to venture far."
"A peaceful neighbourhood. We moved from St Kilda six months ago, and were immediately struck by the friendly community and the comparative peace and quiet! Shops, a gym and multiple public transport options, all within walking distance, were a major drawcard for us. Barkly Street Village houses Indian, Thai and Italian eateries, and the coffee is great at the retro cafe."
"Locals know the hidden Gem that is Footscray.....I have lived here for over 15 years and love the community spirit, the local variety and quality of restaurants, the food market, annual Festivals, Whitten Oval, Parks, bike tracks, and more. In addition it's close proximity too the City, Westfield shopping center, Beaches, the river, along with great access to public transport from buses to trams and the trains all running frequently. Housing is still very affordable, the city of Footscray is being beatified all the time with houses being restored to their former glory and council realising the importance of greening the area and beatifying local parks and malls. In under an hour to Geelong, Dandenongs or Dalesford it is set in a prime location. with only 20min drive to the airport or Beaches. I found the area to be safe during my years of residence with great schools and minimum of trucks and factories despite the constant bad reports..if anything Yarraville and Spotswood seem to have much more of these and yet it is seldom mentioned? "
"I would highly recommend living here if you have not yet had the pleasure, I have lived in the Eastern suburbs as well has Ascotvale and prefer Footscray any day...Please come and visit and ignore the reports from individuals who mock our beautiful city and have not even ventured across the river to visit to justify their comments unfortunately too many go by hearsay.."
"Love Footscray, watching it grow over the past ten years has been amazing. If Australia is known for multiculturalism, Footscray should be the capital..."
"Very near future, I think Central Footscray will be Million dollars suburb. It is a Central Business District city, a lot Government Infrastructure funding especially to revitalise the city."
Footscray is a good location for investor as renting out quite easy and always have a strong capital growth
"The government has started to fund Footscray, this will bring more opportunities to Footscray. That's wonderful. We are so closed to city and we need some revitalise looks. Well done."
we lived there for five long years but our house was broken in and they took a lot of stuff. You can see real live d... dealing action in the Footscray market.
"West Footscray is booming and one can understand why when it is only a hop, skip and jump to the melbourne CBD. It has great facilities and just litterly afew minutes and you are in footscray which has the footscray market and great places to eat at. West footscray is quiet leafy considering its proximity to the city and has some great parks. I have done several jobs restroring rooves in this area and i (from the west) rate this suburb highly. "
"Footscray is a friendly suburd, a place of multiculture. Most people are friendly. It is a good and convient place for transport. Food is very cheap and fresh, excellent restaurant with very cheap price."
"It is a very up and coming area, very close to the city and docklands and it has great places to eat a hub of Asian and african restraunts plus the two markets. Footscray has got everything you want, its inner city,next to Highpoint and close to Williamstown Beach. Lots of different people and lots of character too"
Not too far out of the city there is a strong Asian flavour to the area. There are plenty of Asian supermarkets and restaurants and for me this is a big plus. 
The shops in the area make it easy to get what you need without having to venture too far. 
Restaurants are bountiful and so you can get a good feed. 
Within Footscray there are some lovely streets that are lined by trees with beautiful older houses. 
There are parks and playground close by for families with children and plenty of family friendly houses. With schools close by it’s a good area.
"Footscray is about a twenty minutes' drive west from Melbourne city. This is a very interesting suburb where you can find plenty of Asian cuisines, supermarkets and shops. This is the suburb to visit in Melbourne if you are after authentic Vietnamese food. Different restaurants cater to different crowds. For example, for lunch, there are Vietnamese restaurants that offer the traditional noodles, soups and rice. At night, for dinner, there are restaurants that offer seafood dinner and patrons are encouraged to sing Karoake during dinner. "
"The Asian supermarkets here offer plenty of fruits, vegetables and condiments for the Asian community. The prices are very reasonable and often you can pick from a wide variety of goods that are on offer. During certain months, you will also be able to find more exotic fruits such as mangosteens, durians and star fruits. I recommend this suburb to those who are after a more exotic experience when in Melbourne."