beautiful
"Very nice suburb, but full of pretentious, snobby rich people. Mansions everywhere! It's also a very safe suburb, some people are nice but most a snobbish and rude."
"Living in this suburb can be a hit or miss really with neighbours as their is a lot of apartments and a lot of (think they are Wealthy) owners. Some Neighbours are very friendly while some showoffs living in a small houses or apartments want to make your life as diffcuilt as possible. Traffic can be very very bad, Parking as well depending on where you live. Generally there is no doubt it is very safe this may be because of all the Consulate Generals that are located in Toorak. If you are looking to build be careful as neighbours have big pockets and might take you to the Courts (Which is normal is Toorak)."
"Toorak is a great living option for those that are either raising families or are established. It is a more expensive neighbourhood but covered with open streets that are well presented with nicely lined trees, it is also a good living area for proximity to good parks and schools, with Parks inclding Como Park and the Botanical gardens only a stone throw away. It is well positioned to be close to High street for great coffees and lifestyle options, and is well served further down with Toorak Village, an old and quaint shopping area with high end boutiques and elite spending options with cigar stores and high end clothing. This also has great cafes including Romeo's and Manhattan. All in all, strongly recommend due to great position, however on the more expensive side."
"Toorak is largely about money - those who've made it and want to show it. Mansions and fancy apartments. I like Toorak but would probably prefer to live in East Melbourne or even South Yarra mainly for the shopping, dining and other close by amenities that they offer. Personally I was a little disappointed with the shopping options found at Toorak Village .. to me it's more style over substance .. but I'm a single man .. maybe women would find the shopping more to their liking .. fashion houses etc.. But if you want a grand home and a grand statement then this is the place .. and if you're very wealthy .. then 20 - 30 million buys you a fabulous mansion and grounds. Of course not everyone in Toorak is a multi millionaire .. there are rental apartments that the not so well healed reside in and of course more modest homes for the 3-6 millionaire. A trend in the suburb is the building of fancy apartment complexes and they're attracting some wealthy occupants who have decided to downsize from their mansions into something much more manageable and more secure. If you have money and aren't afraid to show it .. then Toorak could be the place for you. This is Melbourne's answer to Beverly Hills..."
"I can think of many superlatives: fabulous, stunning, quintessential mansions and splendiferous estates. "
This suburb is the one many Melbournians aspire to reside in as it not only provides status but also means as an individual you have done very well in your area of expertise and truly deserve to live here as a culmination of your finest achievements! 
It is also the most expensive and prestigious suburb throughout the entire Melbourne. Every single person who lives here has worked very hard to achieve all they can and thouroughly deserve their success. 
"Titans of industry and business- think John Gandel, Solomon Lew, Lindsay Fox and Ron Walker alongside media personalities- Eddie McGuire, (a nice guy by the way!) will call Toorak home. "
"I've only been through Toorak village once for a bite to eat. Needless to say, you get good and bad service or people everywhere. I remember wearing a nice suit that particular day, so maybe the reception I got was no different from other suburbs and was OK. "
"However, having said all of that, there are some residents who think they own Toorak and have a superiority complex. They are the ""snobby"" residents in my view and give the suburb a bad name, when in actuality it is not too bad. "
"Best streets: St Georges Road, Albany Road, Orrong Road, Clendon Road includes any of the courts or avenues offside those premium streets! "
If you make it in Toorak- you deserve the very best living that one of the finest and most expensive suburbs has got to offer. 
"Toorak certainly ranks No1 followed closely by Canterbury and Hawthorn as suburbs that I truly, with a bit of hard work and dedication and some luck, aspire to live in! "
Thankyou for reading my review. 
"PS. Just out of sheer curiosity, being Australian-Chinese; would I have any issue in Toorak or not?"
I would rather be homeless in Toorak than a millionaire in Beverly Hills.
"Toorak is home to Melbourne's most expensive real estate, home to more Ferraris and billionaires than any other suburb in Victoria. (and possibly Australia). "
"I have visited Toorak hundreds of times and the thing that stands out are the incredible homes. Some of the more notable streets include St Georges Road (check out the $20 million French mansion), Irving Road (home to trucking magnate Lindsay Fox), Albany Road (Billionaire John Gandel has arguable Australia's priciest home >$50 million - the one with the huge fence) and Hopetoun Road (amazing Italianite villas). "
"Toorak Village and Chapel Street provide some great local shopping, enjoy a coffee around Carters Avenue, visit Watergrille (on Chapel opposite the Como) or stay at the Hotel Como where many celebrities stay to avoid the Melbourne CBD hotels. A favourite of mine is the Jam Factory, read a book at Borders Book's megastore followed by a movie in the up market Gold Class Cinemas. "
Toorak is certainly not the place to live if you want space. If you have money and want large blocks of land move to Templestowe. Toorak definitely feels very packed together and can get quite congested. 
"What Toorak does provide is status. With average house prices exceeding $3 million, Toorak is a symbol that shows you have made it. As an investment it would be hard to beat. Small suburb, no more land and plenty wanting to move in. Definitely recommended!"
"In Toorak people are soo snobish! Thats the one major down to living here. Its not like other aussie suburbs where you can have a good chat with your neighbours or know they will help you when you need it, no the people of Toorak think they are a step above everyone else to be nice. "
"But its not all bad, iv been living here for 7 years now. The schools and childcare here is very good, and its streets are kept nice and clean."
"If you can afford to buy here then you are on top of your game, as Toorak, with its tree lined strees, close to just everything, is living at its finest."
"Opulent and elegant, Toorak has always been a prestigious and desirable suburb, synonymous with the wealthy and elite. First appealing to ‘the carriage trade’ when it was established in the 1850s, it remains the place to be for a certain type of gracious living. "
"Surrounded by the suburbs of Armadale, South Yarra and Malvern, and a mere 6 km from the CBD, Toorak is situated on the south side of the Yarra, on a rise at a bend in the river. Part of the government area of the City of Stonnington, it boasts beautiful leafy streets and is renowned for the charming village atmosphere of its high street, Toorak Road. Complemented by the Hawksburn Village shopping precinct, Toorak Road has an abundance of up-market specialty food, fashion, gift and home ware stores and boutiques. And when the shopping is done there is no shortage of great cafes, bars and restaurants to keep you going on into the night. "
"Aside from the business and trade on Toorak Road, the area primarily consists of churches, schools and residences. Property here is divided up between apartments and grand estates set in spacious grounds with tennis courts and swimming pools. Live in Toorak and rub shoulders with the village’s most notable residents, or indulge your taste for the finer things in life."
"Toorak is a blue ribbon suburb. The homes are grand, the gardens are large and perfectly maintained, and prices to live here are very high. "
"Just 5 kilometres from the Melbourne CBD, it is an exclusive inner city suburb. There are a number of cafes and shops in the Toorak Village, plus you are just a short drive or walk from many other shopping strips in Melbourne. There is a range of private schools in the surrounding suburbs. "
"A great spot for Melbourne's elite, but well outside of the price range of most people."
The shopping options are endless with a simple tram ride up Toorak Road to the very popular Chapel Street. 
I would rate Toorak in the top 5 places to live in Melbourne of all people looking for an affluent exciting lifestyle.
High gates and big gardens in this leafy pocket is a true privilege to live in. 
"Most people who live here have a classy and cosmopolitan lifestyle with many high-end boutiques, restaurants and health care (plastic surgery being one of the most popular, of course!). "
"Close to expensive schools such as St Kevins, Scotch College and St Catherines. The high-heeled family will fit perfectly in Toorak."
If you’re looking in Toorak you have a bit of money behind you. One of the most expensive areas to buy. 
"Plenty of shops close by, some lovely tree lined streets and it’s close to the city. It is expensive for good reason. "
"Its not too far from the Botanic Gardens if you fancy a walk, and the children’s garden is great for the kids. "
"However, as there are some major through roads the traffic can get a little busy through some parts of Toorak. "
"There is easy access to the city by public transport, shops and restaurants close by. This is a great location, no wonder it is so highly sought after."




